scripts: update log format (#4035)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: CHANGELOG.md

  - **Removed support for Solr integration:** ([#4025](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4025))
    - This was a community contributed feature for FTS (Full Text Search), the docs advise using an image that has not been maintained for over 2 years and lacks ARM64 support. Based on user engagement over the years this feature has very niche value to continue to support, thus is being removed.
    - If you use Solr, support can be restored if you're willing to contribute docs for the feature that resolves the concerns raised
- **Log**:

>   - the log level format was updated; the new format is `<ISO 8601 TIMESTAMP> <LOG LEVEL> <WHO LOGGED>: <MESSAGE>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The format of DMS specific logs (_from our scripts, not running services_) has been changed. The new format is `<RFC 3339 TIMESTAMP> <LOG LEVEL> <LOG EVENT SRC>: <MESSAGE>` ([#4035](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4035))
```
